[MUSIC]
>> Scott: And then, what we're gonna do is
we're gonna say RNPM install just like we
do in NPM, and
that's the name of the package.
In this case,
it's react-native-linear-gradient.
So, let's copy that, and we're just
gonna install it, and I hit Enter.
So, this is gonnainstall it in our Node
modules folder because technically,
it is a Node module that has
dependencies on the Native UI.
So, it's gonna install,
it just like any other Node module.
But then, you notice,
this output right here at the bottom
which is different than any NPM package.
It says, RNPM link, and
if you read the description, it says,
Linking react-native-linear-gradient
android dependency.
Cool, we linked it to
android successfully.
Linking to iOS, cool,
we linked it successfully.
And that was great,
the entire module is now linked.
So, if you go read the instructions,
what is linked actually mean?
Everything that I just said about here.
Adding it to the Cocoapods, and
downloading it, and adding it to
the gradle build, to the dependencies,
and actually setting up this class here.
So, I did all that for us and
we could see to do that.
Now, if you already installed
reacts-native-linear-gradient via NPM
because it is a Node module.
But you need to link it,
you can just run RNPM link and
it will go through your
note modules folder and
find any that anyone has native
dependencies and link them for you.
So it's like yeah everything's
already got to go.
We're good.
So what I've been doing
is a good practices.
I would go into my package.Jason, Every
recess scripts I had in the scripts or
post install
every post install I would say
react native package manager.link.
So what this is gonna do is whenever
you run in PM install after everything
installs then it's gonna run whatever is
in post install which is this command
that way it always names every
time I install something.
Cool any questions on that?
All the installation
part of these native U.I.
components and this is for
any native library we wanna use.
And how do we determine if it's
native will over the doc says so but
another way to find out is if
you just look at the good of you
look at the source code like Java,
Objective C.
Scott's or Ruby seven are obviously this
is and was gonna work in JavaScript.
There and if it is easier so
if this isn't just all yellow,
then this is not all work pretty much.
Whereas if you go look at the tab
one that we had the Reacts Native
linear scrolling Tab view so
you look at that and
you hope it's 100% JavaScript.
All right,
there's no blue there's no brown there.
So that's all we know and again hopefully
it's in the docs that view pretty
messed up for someone to make a native
thing and not tell you that is native.
So yeah, Mayo uses native,
Is pretty good as you like and
I mean in all types of crazy stuff here.
So let's head back and
let's see how we can actually use it
now because it actually is just really
just a job as your package using it is
literally just like I was your package so
this case.
Let's let's actually run
this out right quick.
Right now there are and are.
Also nothing thing you can do is like if
you go to your package.Jason pro tip you
can take, get out of here, you can
take advantage of these scripts here,
so the scripts are just MPM
scripts that you can do
that you can run I'll
show you how to run them.
So if you just run in MPM start
then it will run this command
which is just gonna start to put
the reactor native server for
you that little thing that pops this thing
right here, that's what NPM Star does.
But you can you can write
whatever command you want
inside of NPM If you're
not familiar with Node.
So for instance,
I can say I want a command called Android.
And it's going to run React,
Native, run, Android.
And you may know if I'll
actually do whatever you want and
then now as I did terminal shut this
down show you are going to run and
go where I could say N-P-R runs
followed by the name of that script
which in this case was called Android and
it was just right under it.
>> Scott: So you can do IMPM so you can
make whatever what you want MPM Android,
and then for every script that
you have you can make a post and
pre version for that.
So now I can make preandroid.
And this will run whenever
I call the Android command.
I can make a post and write was a run
after the Android command runs and
all types of stuff.
You do all types of things.
So that's running.
Let's head back over to our todo,
>> Scott: Cannot read index
of What are you talking.
I got this stuff here.
Cool.
So let's add a linear gradient
to this area.
So the way this will work is let's
actually add one to this to do here.
So I head over to to do.js And
we'll import.
If we look at the docs
>> Scott: Go to old docs,
we'll import, where is that?
>> Scott: I guess it's that
it was a good example is to
be sure that he doesn't
want to put his docs
there it is correct natively are good.
And it's just a default export
cool always got to doublecheck.
So we'll say from That and
this is a default export we
can call it whatever you want.
I'll just call it linear gradient.
There we go.
So we have a linear gradient.
And then I was going to go ahead and
make this the root
of our Of our view here and I'm pretty
sure linear gradient is just a wrapper for
a view so that means we don't
really need this view or
we could just say linear gradient
instead of this root view.
And that's probably going to break
as I don't put in the colors on it.
Exactly.
So now what I need to do
is add some color to this.
So I think the syntax is colors,
and it's just an array of,
let's just put two colors here.
Let's just do black and white.
We'll just say So, there's zero and ff,
save that
>> Scott: And it broke.
>> Scott: There it was, there we go So
that made a nice layer greater
albeit never that nice
because black white men
are good as a look that good
is actually use something
like iOS gradients.
They're like his website it's got
all these gradients, there you go.
Look at that.
Is that fancy?
Let's pick Let's pick this one.
We'll have some orange.
>> Scott: I forgot I had that.
Look at that.
What.
So that too that.
>> Scott: There we go.
Gradient so
now we've a nice little gradient.
So that's a native element running
the JavaScript in our reaction point.
That's pretty amazing
if you think about it.
Also note that when you download a native
UI let's say you already run emulator
you run your app you react need a package
manager install linear gradient
You link it and then you imported and
you try to use it and it breaks.
That's because you just linked a new
native package you have to stop
the react native server and
build it again.
It's not gonna find those native
dependent because it already built so
you got to stop everything ability again
you can keep on but you got to stop.
React native server and
have it bundle your app again in order to
pick up those new native dependencies.
Whereas if you just don't like a regular
node module, It'll probably just work.
That's only because
convenance pretty much.